Know the original way of doing things isn't necessarily bad but it does have its limits.
For example if I comment back in this original way we did it right here to override the default behavior
of this child object.
It's it does work.
Technically speaking it does the exact same thing but there is a problem with it.
Let's say I start working with multiple levels of inheritance right so I have another let in this case
will do.
Cousin Will do object create.
In this case we'll use Friend care after this I'm going to make a couple of cancelled out logs right
here so I'm just going to copy this and then after that move this down and throw those in.
So what we could do is essentially type person agree and then cousin agreed.
But this is going to cause a stack overflow.
Essentially the reason is this is dynamic so whenever I call personally agree it invokes this function
right here at the top.
So if I scroll up let me see if I can scroll up all the way.
You can see it actually does work at the beginning.
It returns Hello.
So that works.
And then we call friends agree in this case we get the correct prototype of friend which is person.
And then we call it with the key word this being set correctly inside of the prototype method.
And last but not least we take whatever is returned and we spend it and then we return that result.
So we get hello there.
Then after that we call cousin Doug agree.
Now if we print out a cousin dog greet you'll see that it has this very same method right here that
is on friend whenever it's called Inside of Cousin It it it fires off this method right here.
Object get prototype of this.
This in this case the prototype of this object is going to be friend.
And so whenever you invoke a greet with the call and this set to basically cousin what's going to happen
is it's going to invoke this function with the keyword this set to cousin and it's going to create a
recursive function that's going to call over and over again until you get stack overflow.
If you use the keywords super.
This is not going to happen.
The reason for this is because the key word super is not dynamic.
So the key word super is always going to point to the person object right here on the prototype chain.
So in other words you can think of super as like a pointer that always points to the original prototype
object that you referenced in the first place.